What are you looking for?
How to talk to your father?
Your brother is getting married today.
The other side wants a bride price of 200,000.
Should you be his sister? I don't have a penny. How can I?
You're a secretary to the General Manager of the No. 1 company in the country.
Monthly salary from 40,000 to 50,000.
Who told you this?
Your brother got married, bought a car, bought a house
You give him the bride price of 200,000 first.
I've only been in the company for a month, how can I earn so much?
Didn't you work and study before?
Where's your savings?
Previously in addition to living expenses
One point counts as one point, aren't they all searched by you?
Not a penny, right?
No, it doesn't matter.
I've taken a picture of an object for you.
However, even though the other party was married three times.
The bride over there is ready to give you a gift of 200,000, you can take it first.
Then you transfer Ken's bride price to your brother.
Half a day.
It's waiting for me here.
Why are you talking?
I raised you so big.
It's time to give thanks.
Since I was born.
After he left me for my grandmother, he didn't pay a penny to feed me.
Over the years, I've given you all the money you've saved.
Ascension, I have returned the favor.
Why are you interfering in my life?
Okay, don't say yes.
I've arranged the engagement.
Calm down and think of a way to keep the old man alive.
You prepare first.
Go see people.
I'm married.
Who are you going with?
That's the drowned brother I saved 20 years ago.